so i've removed the collarbone now
whitefish bones make a better stock
as opposed to fatty fish like salmon so i
prefer halibut it makes a really nice stock
let me just flip this over and then we'll start
with the other side to fillet it, so again you want to
make sure that the fish is not slippery by using
a clean towel and then we're just going to take
our knife and score all the way down the center
so I start at the bottom because I'm right-handed
so I want to score all the way along the
center up to the top now remember that the side
bone sticks out so that separates both
fillets so I just want to go all the way along
and I'm just going to follow so again going all
the way one note long nice stroke when possible
make sure the skin is cut the skin is pretty
tough so your knife has to be nice and sharp
and you just want to follow
this all the way along
again nice scoop all the way along you
can see it's starting to lift up here
and continuing it again all the way through
if there is any excess skin on
there we can remove it after
now just one more cut should
clean it completely here